- [Instructor] Now that you've seen all the basic data types
and we've seen how civilization and decivilization happens
with JSON Binding API, let's look quickly
at the data types that are supported by JSON Binding API
during these two processes.
The first thing, it supports all the basic data types,
which means we are talking about primitives
and their associated upper classes.
When it comes to the basic types, let's understand,
that during civilization, the two string method
is called on the instance feel to produce a string value.
Then, when you have the Java standard edition types,
which means it includes big integer,
big decimal, the URI, the URL classes,
all of these are also supported by JSON Binding API.
Then the special data types, so for example,
any metadata types, then you have
your calendar classes, the time zone classes,
all the classes in the java.time package,
all of these will also be supported by JSON-B
during civilization and decivilization.
And more of you will have already
seen this in the previous video,
arrays and collection framework classes
of all kinds will exist under the Java platform,
they as well will be supported by the JSON-B API.